Abilities:
	Each player can have a maximum of 3 abilities. These can be given right away when the player enters the game world, luck through training and/or leveling up, or via the tryout etc. These skills can be 3-different tiers (basic, advanced, Godly). Can lose skills as players age, get injured, or decline. Depending on the type of player and race, the skills will be more likely to be given to them.
	
	Team Inactivity:
	If after a team is completely inactive with no actions past logging in, the entire team and players will be deleted entirely after 4 in-game seasons.
	If a team has paid real money, this is extended to 8 in-game seasons of completely inactive with no actions past logging in.

	Marketplace:
	A system to buy or sell players. Each team can list 3 players for sale at the most. Teams cannot have less than 10 players, and can have no more than 13.
	A fair buy-it-now price (minimum), as well as a duration based bidding system.
	Small fee for deleting a player.
	Small percentage based fee for selling a player.
	Small fee for listing a player.

	Store:
	The goal of the game is to obviously make money, for profit, pay upkeep, advertise and outreach, hire a team, etc. At the same time, I don’t want it to be the highest level of pay to win.
	Each day, there should be a rotating 6-8 store items available for purchase for either currency or credits.
	Can watch ads for extra rewards such as credits, or more basic items, or maybe even a mystery box.
	After 50 ads are watched, get a premium mystery box.

	Stadium/Facility Management:
Can pay for more seats (momentum/hype would determine fans and ticket prices)
Can choose from (3) different field sizes to help fit your tactics (small, medium, large)
Potentially implement a sponsor system for further finance management

	Notifications:
	Would like to push notification 10 minutes before the next league game is played.
	Push notification on store reset
	Push notification once the tournament signed up for starts.
	Push notification for being outbid (only one notification, not every single time the players initial bid is outbid)
	Option to choose notifications and methods (email, push, etc).
