Were you able to tackle all the following?

The /store page has some issues:

There are no items showing under the Premium tab. I want to rotate through 6 of these daily.

There are only 3 consumables showing on the Credits tab. I want this to be a mix of equipment and consumables, showing 6 per day as well.

Entries - No longer showing anything

Buy Gems - Not showing any options (wanted 4 options similar to how it was for the credits, but for the premium gems)

and this:

Please remove the Quick Match feature for exhibitions. I only want to have two options on this page:

Instant Match (automatically find a match versus a player controlled team in the same division, or AI if there are none)
Choose Opponent (pick from 8 similarly matched player controlled teams in the same division, or AI if there are none)
The tournaments tab on the /competition page should start being functional. Teams can join one per day with either a small fee of regular credits or gems, or use their inventory Tournament Entries for additional (max 3 tournaments per day, regardless of payment type, or inventory items, etc)
Teams should be able to enter a Tournament based on their division.
A Division 8 team should be able to join the Division 8 tournament. When the FIRST team joins, it starts the countdown to tournament start and can be shown, something along the lines of:
Tournament begins when 8 teams join, or 30 minutes max (with a timer).
Tournaments should be 8 teams for now. Once 8 player teams fill the spots, the tournament begins.
If after 30 minutes real life time, there isn't 8 real teams, fill with comparable and temporary AI teams
Prizes/rewards for the Winner, 2nd place, and 3rd place teams.

I want to revamp the Look of the "Current Season Status" tile of the /competition page. I am attaching an image of what it looks like now. I think just replacing this with what's at the top of the Team Dashboard is just fine and much more visually pleasing

Additionally, Avery Jones is having more issues when being selected. The scouting tab is showing all blank stars for potential. May be a database issue for viewing the correct info.