The notifications text is still white on white and I cannot read what it says. For example, the notification I'm looking at says "League Game Starting Soon - League game starts in 10 minutes", then I can't see what's after that.

I think I want to revamp on the Dashboard where it says "My Team - Macomb Cougars". There's nothing in that box, except a View All button. I'm not sure this purpose? Please explain.

On the Dashboard, where it shows "Division 8 - Rookie League", please show the team standings/team list here.

On the team page, where it shows Player tiles, I want to color code the stats that are really high and really low. For example, since the scale is 10-40 (I believe), if it's 32-40 make it green, if it's 10-18 make it red. A nice visual indicator showing if they really excel, or opposite.

Please capitalize on the player tiles the race names, and the player roles. For example "Gryll", and "Blocker"

Auto Formation doesn't seem to work. It gave me a 5/6, ineligible lineup.

The substitution order should be by role: Runners, Blockers, and Passers.

In the Contracts page, when negotiating, I want to be able to fine tune it more. For example, a players current salary is 2,697. I can only adjust by -5K and +5K. I want adjustments to be much more refined.

For testing purposes, can you give the Macomb Cougars 250,000 credits so I can test the Player Tryouts and Recruitment. It shouldn't say (Offseason Only), but it should say (Once per season)

"Fill my Division" still isn't working. I really want to get a Division filled to start taking the next steps.

I want to entirely remove the page Sponsorships. Sponsorships should work into the Stadium page. New Deal should not be a feature. Opportunities should arise based on results, player popularity, team camaraderie, etc.

I tried purchasing a "Basic Helmet" from the Store and it gave me a Failed to execute 'fetch' on 'Window': [object Object]' is not a valid HTTP method.

Can you also give Macomb Cougars 500 premium credits for testing purposes?

The Stadium page is still not showing any details or upgrade options etc. I think this may be wrongly placed under the Sponsorships page, which as I said above, needs to me removed and moved to the Stadium page.

On the Community page, can you remove all the testing/for show data? I want to start getting it accurate and towards an actual working page. Under all of the Social Platforms, please remove the amount of members. Please remove the Community Overview stats.

Please remove the Social Media > Community tab and the Engagement tab from the Social Integration Hub